docs: add reference to locator strictness if or resolves to multiple elements (#32633)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-locator.md

  - alias-python: or_
- returns: <[Locator]>

> Creates a locator that matches either of the two locators. [Locator strictness](./locators.md#strictness) still applies (if it results in multiple elements, it throws).

Reviewer: Perhaps explain a bit more?

```suggestion
Creates a locator matching all elements that match one or both of the two locators.

Note that when both locators match something, the resulting locator will have multiple matches and violate [locator strictness](./locators.md#strictness) guidelines.
```
